Improve formatting (mostly) (#206)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-W11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

##### Examples:

* `owe 1 m/10.00`

##### Outcome:

For `owe 1 m/10.00`:
<center>
<img src="images/UG-Basics/owe-output-1.png" >
</center>

##### Possible Failures:

> - The [_Index of person_](#glossary) must be within range. I.e., it must be greater than 0, and smaller than the length of the currently displayed list of people. This is because the [_Index of person_](#glossary) will be used to indicate which person to operate the command on.
> + The amount of money provided `m/` must also be numeric and in dollars, and cannot exceed 2 decimal places. I.e., the following are invalid for the amount:

Reviewer: This is too long and repetitive/droning and reads like an informal specification instead of a UG
```suggestion
- The [_Index of person_](#glossary) must be within range.
+ The amount of money provided `m/` must also be numeric and in dollars, and cannot exceed 2 decimal places. For example, the following are invalid for the amount:
```

    }
$$

<box type="info"><md>
**Information:**

The people who will be charged are people who are:
1. In any of the CCAs provided, **AND**
2. In any of the roles provided.
</md></box>

<box type="tip"><md>
**Tip:**

To see who will be charged by a command, say via `charge m/10.00 c/NUS Cycling r/Logistics`, run the [`filter` command](#filter-by-cca-and-roles-filter). In this case, `filter c/NUS Cycling r/Logistics` will display the people that will be charged.
</md></box>

##### Examples:

* `charge m/10.00 c/NUS Cycling r/Treasurer`
    * Charges all members in `NUS Cycling` with the role of `Treasurer`

##### Outcome:

For `charge m/10.00 c/NUS Cycling r/Treasurer`:
<center>
<img src="images/UG-Basics/charge-output-1.png" >
</center>

##### Possible Failures:

> + The amount of money provided `m/` must also be numeric and in dollars, and cannot exceed 2 decimal places. I.e., the following are invalid for the amount:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The amount of money provided `m/` must also be numeric and in dollars, and cannot exceed 2 decimal places. For example, the following are invalid for the amount:
```

##### Examples:

* `setatt 2 att/4 s/6`
    * Sets the attendance of the second person in the **Result Box** to be `4/6`. I.e., that they have attended 4 out of a total of 6 sessions.

##### Outcome:

<img src="images/UG-Basics/outcomeSetatt1.png" >
<img src="images/UG-Basics/outcomeSetatt2.png" >

##### Possible Failures:

- If the number of sessions attended (`att/`) exceeds the number of sessions total `s/`, the application will error out.

> - The [_Index of person_](#glossary) must be within range. I.e., it must be greater than 0, and smaller than the length of the currently displayed list of people. This is because the [_Index of person_](#glossary) will be used to indicate which person to operate the command on.

Reviewer: Same comment here
```suggestion
- The [_Index of person_](#glossary) must be within range.
```

    {name: "Storage", url: "#storage"}
]%}

<box type="info"><md>
**Information**: CCA Manager data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.
</md></box>

#### Editing the data file

> CCA Manager data are saved automatically as a [_JSON_](#glossary) file `[JAR file location]/data/addressbook.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

Reviewer: To be safe, I think we should rename all `addressbook.json` to `ccamanger.json` too. I'll do that.
```suggestion
CCA Manager data are saved automatically as a [_JSON_](#glossary) file `[JAR file location]/data/ccamanager.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.
```
